[Music]
This is an archived recording of Dr. Ahmad
Deedat's speech entitled Racism and Blood
Sacrifice. Please note that this recording
has been edited and shortened to highlight
a specific part of it. You can also view
the transcription of this video by enabling
subtitles and you can click on the audio track
settings to watch this video in your language.
You see the Allah tells in the holy Quran
certainly Allah has created you all from a
male and a female and it is he who has made you
into nations and tribes that you may recognize
one another not that you may discriminate and
exploit one another. This is the most certainly
the noblest in the sight of God is he who is the
best in conduct. This is the standard laid out by
Allah tala of judging not race, language, color or
riches but your behavior. the black and the white,
the rich and the poor, the African and the
Indian, the Arab and the Malay, everybody
rubbing shoulders using the same taps, using
the same towels, standing shoulderto-shoulder,
no gaps left between one individual and another
in our form of prayers between one devotey and
another so that the devil might get in between
you and your brother. The devil he was talking
about was your race. I'm white, he's black. I'm
rich, he's poor. that devil must not be allowed
to take to get in between you and him because
if you did they if I stand at a distance this
guy is a negro I'm an Indian I'm an Arab and
you end the salah they Assalamualaikum so peace
and blessings of Allah to everybody to the right
of me and I see here here is a man from Ethiopia
Assalamualaikum, I see here is a man from Africa. Assalamualaikum, next time I see
a man from China. Assalamualaikum, I said see a man from Timbuktu.
So, what He does is a system
of eliminating racism